## Serial Numbers and Quantities
- No matter what the template or the config file says, we will have another input that will be asked of the user in the TKinter prompt: Quantity
     - This will be the amount of times the template will be created
- Now, the final key-value pair in the config.json file will always be the serial number of the template. The serial number is ALWAYS unique. 
- Now, in order to ensure that the serial number is unique, there will be a JSON file called "serial_number.json". This file will keep log of ever serial number the the system encounters, and it will also record how many times each serial number has been used. 
    In the following example, the program has been run 6 times, and it has encountered 3 unique serial numbers
    ``` json
        {
            "1234": 1,
            "1235": 2,
            "1236": 3
        }
    ```
- Now, whenever the "Generate Template" button is pressed (or in other words, the user has entered and confirmed all of the needed information), the program will check the serial_number.json file to see if the serial number has been used before. If it has, it will increment the count by 1. If it hasn't, it will add the serial number to the file with a count of 1. 
- After we have done this, we will update the serial number that was going to be written into the template (Or stored into the results dictionary) to be f"{serial_number}-{count}"
    - For example, lets continue off using the json example provided above. If after this, the user enters the serial number to be "1234", the program will check the json file, see that the serial number has already been used once, update the counter here by one, and then update the serial number in the context of the template itself, to be 1234-2.
- Now, quantity will also tie into this. If the user were in the same situation described above, but instead entered a quantity of 3, by the time the program finishes, the counter in the JSON file will have be increased by 3, and the program will generate 3 unique templates, each with a different serial number, which will look like the following
    Template 1: Serial Number: 1234-2
    Template 2: Serial Number: 1234-3
    Template 3: Serial Number: 1234-4
- In order to ensure that the serial_number.json file does not get too large, we will implement an arbitrary limit (lets say 75), so that when the number of entries reaches this amount, we begin deleting the oldest entries, keeping the most recent. 
- Finally, the names of the templates generated, currently are just date and times. We wil change this to be the name of the template, and then the serial number (including the counter, so this would be 1234-2, 1234-3, 1234-4 etc.)
- Note that based on the changes above, every single serial number that will ever be seen in the template, will have a counter in front, the smallest hte counter can ever be is 1. 
    - So for example, if we entered the brand new serial of 1237, with a quantity of 3, then the following will be generated
    ```
    Template 1: Serial Number: 1237-1
    Template 2: Serial Number: 1237-2
    Template 3: Serial Number: 1237-3
    ```
    And the JSON file will be updated to include the following entry
    ``` json 
        "1237": 3
    ```
## Template Categerisation
- In the config.json file, we will have a new condition, that will categorize what kind of template. The following is an example implementation of this
    ``` json
        {
        "files": {
            {"ITP":
                {"ITP 33kV Single Manual": {
                "path": "Templates/PACKING_LIST_Disc_33kV_Manual_Single_ES_Manual.xlsx",
                "mappings": {
                    "B3": "C3",
                    "B4": "C4",
                    "B5": "C5",
                    "B6": "C6",
                    "B7": "C7",
                    "B8": "C8"

                }}
            },
            "Packing Lists":
                {"Packing List 72.5kV Dual Manual": {
                "path": "Templates/PACKING_LIST_Disc_72.5kV_Motor_Dual_ES_Motor.xlsx",
                "mappings": {
                    "B3": "C3",
                    "B4": "C4",
                    "B5": "C5",
                    "B6": "C6",
                    "B7": "C7",
                    "B8": "C8" }
                }
            }
        }
    }
    }
    ```
    - Note that both ITP and Packing list are their own category, and eventually they would both have numerous entries of their own, instead of just a single entry. 
- Now what I would like is add another question at the very start of the GUI, which will ask the user to select the category of the template they want to generate. Just like how currently, there is a question to ask for which template, and the options are based on what is available in the config.json file, likewise there should be a similiar system for the category. Of course, based on the option selected, the options for the template should be updated to only include the templates that are in that category.


        

